1) What was David Bowie's last hit.

Probably Heroin.

2) Did you hear about the blind prostitute?

Well you got to hand it to her.

3) How many Emo kids does it take to screw in a lightbulb

None, they all sit in the dark and cry.

4) How many men does it take to open a beer?

None, it should be opened by the time she brings it.

5) Wha do you call an It teacher who touches up his students?

A PDF File.

6) How do you call a teenage boy who doesn't masturbate

A liar

7) What is the difference between acne and a catholic priest

Acne usually comes on a boys face after he turns 12.

8) What's does Donal Trump's hair and a thong have in common?

They both barely cover the asshole.

9) What is the difference between Michael Jackson and a grocery bag

One is made of plastic and is dangerous for children to play with. The other is used to carry groceries.

10) What do you call a little boy with no arms and no legs?

Names.

11) What's better than a baby in one room?

One baby in 5 rooms. 

12) Why do jews have big noses?

Because air is free

13) What's  the difference between a Jew and Harry Potter? 

He can escape the chamber

14) What is a pedophile's favorite part of Halloween?

Free delivery.

15) What's the difference between dollars and Jews? 

I'd give a shit if I lost 6 million dollars. 

16) What's white and fourteen inches long? 

Nothing.

17) What do you get when corssing an Italian with a gorilla?

A retarded gorilla.

18) What do you get when you cross a black man and a spanish?

A person who's too lazy to steal.

19) What did the pedophile say when he was released from prison? 

I feel like a kid again.

20) What's white on tp and black on bottom?

US Culture.

21) What do rednecks do in Halloween?

Pump kin!

22) What do you call three dogs and a blackbird?

The Spice Grils

23) Why do female black widow spiders kill their males after mating?

To stop the snorting before it starts

24) What's the best way to kill a man?

Put a naked woman and a six-pack in front of him. Then tell him to pick only one. 

25) How many mexicans does it take to change a light bulb?

Juan

26) What's got 90 balls and makes women sweat?

Bingo. 

27) What's the difference between a jew and santa?

Santa goes DOWN the chimney.

28) Why did usa lose the chess match?

Because they already lost two towers. 

29) What's the difference between a muslim girl and a cumputer?

No matter how hot the computer gets, it will not explode. 

30) Why is communism good?

It cures obesity

31) What's the difference between ET and an Illegal immigrant?

ET learned how to speak English and wanted to go home. 
